Once we're done setting up our gallery next up we have a hot deals or just deal section where we're
going to use a flux box in order to create this type of layout where the input as well as the submit
button is going to be one element.
All right now let's head over back to the indexation email.
That's step number one all the way in the bottom we have our end of gallery then let's copy and paste
that.
I don't think we need the first end off as well as the gallery.
Second gallery can go to and then maybe let's write here deals.
Now you can write contact you can write deals you can write newsletter.
Again the naming is really up to you.
I'm gonna go with deals.
So that is the name of my section.
And then let's start by creating a section element with a class of section the generic pattern as well
as deals.
Class that is going to be used for styling and then of course we also need to use our I.D. by the name
of deals.
All right.
Now once we have that let's say what do we have some reason now my life sir is just taking its time
that's OK but that should be it.
We have our deals then let's add our title again not our first rodeo we already know.
Well let's look for the title once we have found the title What's selected copy paste it and let's look
for the deals and deals it is let's copy and pasted like I said and let's write hot deals or join our
newsletter or contact us.
Doesn't really matter are deals like so and they actually Miller's gonna be quite simple in fact in
this case.
So we're gonna set up the form now we don't need any action.
In fact we can just delete it and then we're gonna write the input group div.
So let's write input group and that is the class of course for my div and then the input is going to
be an email.
So we're gonna use some basic HDMI five validation right away.
So instead of text we're gonna go for the email.
So that way when let's say somebody tries to write anything while we're gonna have right away let's
say the.
Type email where we need to have the I believe what was it.
I believe it was that at symbol now type email that's fine.
Then let's add a class of form control and it's going to be for styling and whether we add right away
or so Holder by the name of your email hey we're adding that and that is of course our input and then
right after the input I'm going to have my button by D type of segment so let's add button type of submit
and then also let's add a class for the styling Beattie n hyphen sub omit submit like so and then within
the button or three within the button.
Why don't we writes Matt OK let's say that and now we have both things that we were looking for we have
our input with a type of email as well as button for submitting the form and once we're done with our
Asian email next up we have our CSX.